>> Lawrence: I DON'T KNOW.
"FOX & FRIENDS" STARTS RIGHT
NOW.
>> Brian: STRAIGHT TO A FOX NEWS
ALERT.
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP
DELIVERING ON YET ANOTHER
CAMPAIGN PROMISE.
OFFICIALLY REINSTATING THOUSANDS
OF U.S. SERVICE MEMBERS
DISCHARGED FOR NOT GETTING THE
COVID VACCINE AND THEY GET FULL
BACK PAY.
>> Ainsley: MADELEINE RIVERA IS
IN WASHINGTON WITH ALL THE
DETAILS FOR US.
HI, MADDIE.
>> GOOD MORNING.
THE WHITE HOUSE SAYS REDRESS IS
LONG OVERDUE CALLING THE
DISMISSAL OF MEMBERS WHO DID NOT
RECEIVE THE COVID-19 VACCINE
WRONGFUL.
GIVEN TO PETER DOOCY THIS
MORNING DIRECTS PETE HEGSETH TO
REINSTATE ALL MEMBERS OF THE
MILITARY WHO WERE DISCHARGED FOR
REJECTING THE COVID VACCINE.
THEY WILL RECEIVE FULL PAY AND
BENEFITS.
PRESIDENT TRUMP MENTIONED THIS
PLEDGE JUST A WEEK AGO IN HIS
INAUGURATION SPEECH.
THE COVID VACCINE WAS REQUIRED
FOR U.S. MILITARY SERVICE
MEMBERS FOR 15 MONTHS FROM
AUGUST 2021 TO JANUARY 2023.
AT THE TIME THE PENTAGON PRESS
SECRETARY CALLED THE MANDATE TO
GET THE VACCINE A READINESS
ISSUE.
8400 SERVICE MEMBERS WERE
DISCHARGED FOR NOT GETTING THE
COVID VACCINE.
IN JANUARY OF 2023, FORMER
DEFENSE SECRETARY LLOYD AUSTIN
RESCINDED THE MANDATE.
IT WAS THE FIRST TIME IN U.S.
HISTORY THE MILITARY REVERSE ADD
MAC SCREEN MANDATE.
ONLY DOZENS OF THOSE DISCHARGED
CHOSE TO RETURN TO THE MEMBER.
REPUBLICANS HAVE ARGUED THE
MANDATE HURT THE MILITARY'S
RECRUITING AND RETENTION
EXRABILITY.
LAST YEAR AUSTIN TOUTED THE
RETENTION RATES AND STATED
NEARLY ALL ACTIVE AND RESERVE
COMPONENTS OF THE MILITARY MET
THE RECRUITING TARGETS FOR THE
2024 FISCAL YEAR.
BUT THE MILITARY HAD
ACKNOWLEDGED IT HAD HAD A
RECRUITING CRISIS JUST A YEAR
BEFORE AND THE MANDATE WAS A
POLITICAL HEADACHE FOR THE BIDEN
ADMINISTRATION WITH SOME TROOPS
SUING CALLING THE ORDER ILLEGAL.
LATER THIS HOUR FLORIDA
CONGRESSMAN BRIAN MAST WILL BE
JOINING "FOX & FRIENDS" AND HE
WILL HAVE REACTION THIS NEW
EXECUTIVE ORDER FROM PRESIDENT
TRUMP.
LAWRENCE, IS IT STEVE, AINSLEY
AND BRIAN.
>> Steve: THANK YOU VERY MUCH,
MADDIE.
I'M SURE BRIAN MAST IS GOING TO
BE DELIGHTED.
CRUMP RAN ON THIS.
I DON'T KNOW IF THEY HAVE GOT IN
THE WEST WING A GREAT BIG
CHALKBOARD LIKE LAST TIME WHERE
THEY CHECKED STUFF OFF.
HERE IS SOMETHING ELSE HE
PROMISED AND ONE WEEK INTO HIS
ADMINISTRATION CHECK THAT OFF.
>> Ainsley: THE ARGUMENT THEY
ARE MILITARY MEN AND WOMEN AND
STRONGEST INDIVIDUALS IN OUR
COUNTRY.
MANY OF THEM HAD NATURAL
IMMUNITY.
SO THE ARGUMENT FOR TRUMP WAS
THESE WERE OUR MILITARY THEY ARE
WILLING TO SACRIFICE THEIR LIVES
AND WE ARE WILLING TO KICK OUT
8,000 BECAUSE THEY WON'T GET A
JACK SEEN?
>> Brian: REMEMBER THE WOULD NOT
ALLOWED RELIGIOUS EXEMPTION ON
THE VACCINE.
THEY LIFTED AND SAID CAN YOU
COME BACK NOW WITHOUT A VACCINE
ONLY 43 CAME BACK.
NOW THEY SAY YOU CAN GO BACK
FULL PAY FULL RANK AND BACK PAY.
THAT'S EXCELLENT.
OTHER PEOPLE -- PRESIDENT BIDEN
NEVER TALKED ABOUT RECRUITING.
>> Lawrence: NO.
>> Brian: AUSTIN NEVER TALKED TO
ABOUT RECRUITING.
UNTIL I READ THE STORY I DIDN'T
REALIZE PEOPLE GO I'M NOT
SIGNING UP FOR THAT EVEN GOING
TO A RECRUITING OFFICE.
I'M NOT TAKING THE SHOT.
>> Lawrence: BRIAN, IT'S LIKE
YOU READ MY MIND.
JUST FROM A LOGICAL STANDPOINT,
WHY WOULD YOU GET RID OF
SERVICEMEN AND WOMEN WHEN WE ARE
AT A DEFICIT RIGHT NOW WHEN IT
COMES TO RECRUITMENT?
IT'S LIKE WE DON'T HAVE THE ROOM
TO BE GETTING RID OF SERVICE
MEMBERS.
WE SHOULD BE GETTING MORE AND IT
JUST SEEMS TO ME THAT THEY WERE
SUCH INTO THE FAUCI NONSENSE AND
SOME OF THE STUFF COMING FROM
THE FDA AND SOME OF THE OTHER
ORGANIZATIONS, THERE ARE CERTAIN
PEOPLE THAT HAD NATURAL
IMMUNITY.
CERTAIN PEOPLE ESPECIALLY WHEN
YOU ARE TALKING ABOUT YOUNG
PEOPLE THAT WERE HEALTHY AS WELL
TALKING ABOUT SERVICE MEMBERS.
I THINK THEY SHOULD HAVE.
>> Ainsley: SOME WOMEN WANTED TO
BE PREGNANT DIDN'T FEEL
COMFORTABLE GETTING IT.
BOTTOM LINE MOST PEOPLE DNTSD
WANT TO GET VACCINE LIKED DONALD
TRUMP.
THEY WERE FORCING US TO PUTTING?
OUR BODY WE WEREN'T COMFORTABLE
WITH.
>> Brian: MAIN DIFFERENCE IS THE
MANDATE.
I GOT YOU WARP SPEED BUT I
WOULDN'T HAVE MANDATED THE WHOLE
COUNTRY TO TAKE IT.
IT RESULTED IN SO MUCH
RESENTMENT.
>> Steve: THIS ONLY CAME OUT 5
MINUTES AGO.
THAT'S WHEN THE EMBARGO WAS
LIFTED.
SOME PEOPLE HAVE BEEN OUT OF
WORK OR OUT OF THAT LINE OF WORK
FOR FOUR OR FIVE YEARS.
SO, GIVEN THE FACT THAT THEY ARE
GOING TO RETURN TO THEIR RANK,
WITH BACK PAY.
>> Lawrence: INCREDIBLE.
STEVE Z. WE DON'T KNOW IF THEY
WILL GO BACK WHERE THEY WERE
POSTED WHEN SEVERED FROM THE
MILITARY.
>> Ainsley: THEY SHOULD JUST TO
GET THE MONEY.
>> Steve: HEADLINE.
THEY JUST MADE THOUSANDS OF
DOLLARS AND DONALD TRUMP KEPT
THE CAMPAIGN PROMISE.
>> Ainsley: WHEN HE SAID THIS IN
HIS INAUGURAL SPEECH WE WERE
WATCHING IT.
AND EVERYONE I WAS WATCHING IT
WITH SAID WHOA, THAT'S AMAZE